# Extra-Neat-Installers
Extra Neat Installers We Cape Town's DSTV Installations company that providing full range of DStv options, including installations for all properties, be it home, restaurants, bars, or hotels.   062 115 8314 084 358 7608 www.extraneatinstall.webnode.com  We are staffed with trained and friendly technicians who have all the experience necessary to carry out the job.   Our lines are open seven days a week and we are available at short notice. We strive to follow all industry standards and our team are dedicated to providing you with the perfect picture for your enjoyment.   Our goal is to make your DStv setup as painless as possible and in doing so we work flexible hours and make sure the task is carried out to your satisfaction. For a fast and hassle-free service call our DSTV specialists today : 084 358 7608 / 062 115 8314     We are the leaders in providing Dstv installations and repairs in Western Cape, Atlantic Seaboard - Camps Bay, Bantry Bay, De Waterkant, Green Point, Waterfront, Sea Point. Cape Town City Bowl - City centre, Gardens,   Oranjezicht, Tamboersklook, Vredehoek, Woodstock. Helderberg - Somerset West, Strand, Gordons Bay. Northern Suburbs - Bellville, Brackenfell, Durbanville, Goodwood, Monte Vista, Kraaifontein, Kuilsiver, Parow, Plattekloof, Panorama, Welgelegen. Southern Suburbs - Claremont, Newlands, Constantia, Kenilworth, Rondebosch, Tokai, Wynberg. West Coast - Blouberg, Table View, Parklands, Milnerton, Melkbosstrand, Bothasig.Cape Winelands - Stellenbosch, Paarl  Our services include the follo DSTV installation as easy as possible. By choosing our company you can be sure of a quality service at a time most convenient to you. With our speedy, hassle free package you'll have your Mnet Multichoice channels set up in no time at all! Call our approved DSTV installers wing.  062 115 8314 084 358 7608 www.extraneatinstall.webnode.com
